feat: accept UUID in CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES round robin assignment (#5360)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/flow/topologies.md

| 0          | 4          |

> You can restrict the visible devices in round-robin assignment by assigning a list of devices IDS `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=RR1,3`. This creates the following assignment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict the visible devices in round-robin assignment by assigning the list of device IDs to `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=RR1,3`. This creates the following assignment:
```
